What is a DAO?

A DAO, or “Decentralized Autonomous Organization,” is a community-led entity with no central authority. It is fully autonomous and transparent: smart contracts lay the foundational rules, execute the agreed-upon decisions, and at any point, proposals, voting, and even the code can be publicly audited.
Ultimately, a DAO is governed entirely by its members, who collectively make critical decisions about the project’s future, such as technical upgrades and treasury allocations. Generally speaking, community members create proposals about the future operations of the protocol and then come together
to vote on each proposal.

Proposals that achieve some predefined level of consensus are then accepted and enforced by the rules instantiated within the smart contract. Familiar hierarchical structures within large corporations give way to community collaboration under this framework.

Each member of the DAO oversees the protocol at some level. Part of the elegance of this framework is the alignment of incentives. That is, it is in the individual’s best interest to be forthright in their voting and only to approve proposals that serve the best interest of the protocol itself. A healthy, robust protocol will garner more usage and, in turn, increase the value of the tokens of which each DAO member is in possession. So as the protocol succeeds, so do the token holders. 




ShrimpDAO? 

We recognised a need for a DAO in Binance Smart Chain, a DAO that can bring solutions to the emerging problems in BSC. BSC needs a new framework of collaboration between its users, a new framework that can unify the investors of the BNB chain under one umbrella, one organisation, one family,....the shrimpsons family.

Building trust and teamwork is a key element for the success of any project, and ShrimpDAO is here to empower Shrimpgrow holders by giving them voting rights. 




How does it work?

The Shrimpgrow top 50 holders will have the right to access ShrimpDAO and decide about the future of our treasury fund. The marketing wallet will help our treasury fund to be sustainable for an extended period and allow the ShrimpDAO to invest in numerous private sales & presales of high vetted projects. The ShrimpDAO Guardians are the TOP 10 holders and will submit proposals for community vote. Only the top 50 holders will have the right to vote on any proposal submitted by the ShrimpDAO Guardians.

The ShrimpGuardians will study all the applications submitted by project dev teams and choose a limited number of highly vetted projects that are vouched by the community of BNB Chain. There will be many other proposals not related to our treasury fund and will submit for a community vote, where every holder of Shrimpgrow has the right to vote.




How can ShrimpDAO contribute to ShrimpGrow holders?

- ShrimpGrow will allow its holders to participate and vote in a community-centred framework of the ShrimpDAO.

- 40% of the profits generated from the investments in private sales & presales that were chosen by the ShrimpDAO community will be used for the buyback & burn of Shrimpgrow tokens. 
